Welcome back to Lady Babylon. It's good to see you guys here tonight.
We have a great, great short Bible study for you tonight,
and we're so privileged to have two guests, two special guests.
Now it takes a lot to bring them,
but tonight we're going to have,
I'm pointing over here because I've got 'em both tied up on the floor.
Tonight we're going to have Billy Graham. Yes,
welcome, welcome the ghost of Billy Graham. And of course, as usual, our friend,
Dr. Young,
who won't be saying anything due to his ball gag.
So without any further ado, in order to get to the ionic life,
let us now turn to Billy Graham. Billy,
bring it. Oh, come on, Billy. Oh,
I can feel you buddy. I can feel you. Bring me, bring me ionic life. Billy.
Billy.
What must I do to have eternal life?
The greatest problem in the world today is sin.
What causes people to hate and lust and have grieve? It's sin.
It's a disease that we all have. The Bible says,
all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
You've missed the mark.
You've broken the law on your way to spiritual death and eternal death
and the judgement . But Jesus said,
I can do something about that. I can change your life.
I can make you a new person.
Jesus demanded that we make a choice. He says,
there are two roads of life, the broad road and the marrow road,
and you must too. There are two destinies, heaven and hell.
Which road are you on? Which master are you serving?
I don't have to be judged. I don't have to go to hell. I don't have to be lost.
My soul has been redeemed. I'm going to heaven,
got to first repent of my sin and receive Christ as my Lord
and my saviour. You have to repent of your sins.
That means to be willing to change your way of living.
You may have no power to do it, but if you surrender to Christ,
he'll give you the power.
How many of you here tonight are broken fed up but you don't know what
to do?
You give your life to Christ tonight and you'll have supernatural help in
breaking those chains that bind you.
God's not waiting to judge you. God's not waiting to condemn you.
He's waiting to receive you with mercy, with love, with open arms,
and forgive all your sins.
There only comes a few times in our lives when Jesus and Nazareth passes by
and we have an opportunity like we have tonight to receive it.
You may never have a tomorrow as far as God is concerned.
There are people here tonight that may never be alive tomorrow.
You may never get gospel again like this.
Or your heart may not be this tender toward God.
Come while you can and don't put it off.
God is waiting to welcome you with open arms to receive you as you
come to him in repentance and faith
symbol and yet could be life-changing tonight.
And all of heaven will ritual us.
And with such power.
Billy Graham brought you Eternal life.
Eternal life.
Can we see John three 16 please?
Can we see John three 16,
everybody together as our opening reading tonight in this Bible
study? Let's look at John three 16
ion, ion,
what is eternal life? God so loved the world.
He gave his only son, his only born son
ness who had been of, he gave them
for the sake of what?
For the sake of ionic life translated
to you as eternal.
And tonight what I want to show you is
the world where eternal life doesn't exist.
It's nowhere in the Bible.
It is not a promise of eternal life.
It is a promise of ionic life.
What is this thing? Let's see.
Let's see an excellent false derivation of that
more eternal life. Bring us. Bring it on you. Ghosts of the dead.
Bring on more eternal life.
Eternal life is there for life
to the food and they shall never perish.
Neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. The Bible says burly,
I say he heareth my word and believeth on him.
That sent me half everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation,
but is past from death unto life. Jesus said,
and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die.
Believe it thou this. And if you believe on Christ, you'll.
Never die.
Some people think eternal life means life that goes on and on and on and on and
on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on.
So the life they have now doesn't end.
They think life that just continues and doesn't stop.
No eternal life is the rendering, the English rendering of
the Greek zoe.
Eternal life is used in the English
language to describe the life that
only belongs to the eternal.
The truth is the way of eternal life. We need to be able to follow it.
Eternal life. Eternal life.
Eternal life. Eternal.
Life. Eternal life. Eternal life. The.
Only son, whoever believes in him should not perish,
but have eternal life. Do not keep that life-changing truth.
To yourself. And remember, you are love.
You are indeed. Now, what is this thing?
They're talking about this ionic life and does it mean
eternal? Let us just go to the ion.
The best place to go is back to the original. Go back to Alice.
And by the way,
does anybody notice how that preacher just snuck in a little
bit of Greek? And to you, it's believable, right?
To anybody who spends time reading Greek,
it's transparently bad yet Zoe,
what's eternal life, Zoe? Thank you.
Let's go to ion and see what is this thing? Onic life. What is it?
Let's go to ion. Okay, please. Beautiful. Back to Alice.
Alice, tell us, Alice Ion. Oh, lifetime, life,
age generation. Long space of time. Space of time.
Ion personified as the child of
Chronos. Oh, that's nice. That's nice.
I want you to look at just one word in Greek and
let's bring up the ion big ion. Show us with the, oh,
okay. Okay. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Oh, this is gorgeous.
Look right in the middle here. Right here in space and time.
This way. Look right here. This is,
I won.
I won Alpha E Yoda.
And what is that F looking thing? That's a di gamma.
Can you say dma? Yes. You know what that di gamma is?
It is from the Ian Greek.
This is a very,
very old word.
I won. And where does it come from?
From 1600 bc.
Yes.
Wow. Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Oh,
is that lovely? What is the I one?
What is the I one? Before we can show you the ion,
we have to step over the cadavers of the terrible,
terrible misconceptions and lies that you have been
fed by people who pretend to know Greek and tell
you, oh, it's from the Greek and it means this and they do not know it.
Can I get a hail, Satan?
Let's see it. Let's see them in there. Foolery.
Let's go. Please show us chewy,
show us the false derivation. The third clip that we've got. Yeah.
If you know very much about the story of the Bible,
you've probably heard that Jesus offers eternal life. Sounds nice,
but what does Jesus mean by eternal life?
Well, Jesus adopted this phrase from the Hebrew scriptures in English,
it's translated eternal life or sometimes everlasting life.
But the phrase literally translated from Hebrew is life unto the age.
Yeah, yeah. Seriously?
Did he just say that It's adopted from the Hebrew and you people
just sit there and it's adopted from the Hebrew.
I just showed you the my sonian.
They put proto Hebrew.
Is it earliest ninth century bc.
This is not Hebrew. This is not Semitic.
This is Greek in its oldest form,
at least the oldest recovery form we have.
So form right linear is going to go back, but
let them work on their end.
So the Preto Hebrew is to say that this is derived from Hebrew
is tantamount to taking you in a back alley
and having way with you. Yes. Very bad.
Shame on these people. Shame on these people.
And why do people believe this? Because we have to,
if it logically works out within the
Judeo-Christian mystery,
the languages have to follow each other and that original source has to
be Hebrew. They can't live their universe shatters without that.
The retic sect in the 10th century starts crying out from their graves,
oh, we created you a text
and that tradition has bound you
for a thousand years. Yes,
yes. It's time to wake up. What is the ion?
Where do we always go here at La Babylon. We go to the Mewa,
right? We go to the Aryans who call themselves the me.
Yes. All because of this one woman. Where else would we go?
Where else is interesting except Lady Babylon. Seriously,
love it. Love it. Okay.
Tonight I'd like to bring you a text where we can see the eye on
and to show you that it has been poorly, poorly,
terribly mistranslated and criminally perhaps as eternal.
Yes, eternal. Seriously, guys.
Okay, let me pull up the me text. This is the fourth Pythian ode,
and it is a record of mades oracle,
of me's, Oracle. Beautiful. Thank you very much. Chewy.
Take it down for a second. What is Me's? Oracle. Me's Oracle as well.
It's one of the oracles of Madea that she handed down from Farrah
Santorini. Woo.
This was before the explosion. Yeah. Anyway,
she handed down this oracle of the future that
was kept by the That's awesome.
It was kept by the,
and Theia went ahead and released it
when the inquiry was there that was relevant to the Oracle.
It was about the founders of Sini and some Yeah.
Stuff in Northern Africa. Good stuff. Anyway,
so this is Pen's record of that
oracle and in it we have the word ion,
and I just wanted you guys to see what the ion is.
Ion is rah.
Rah is making sure.
Let's bring up the Greek rah is making sure that everybody is falling in
love with Jason's ship wants to go on the
Argo and what are they sailing to do? Right?
He doesn't want them to third line,
not third line down on this one. I just want to show you the aisle.
Where'd we go? There we go. Second line.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Word in. I know. Okay,
so there we are.
And he doesn't want them to be staying there with their mothers.
Herod doesn't want them to be staying there with their mothers having an ion.
Aon. What is Aon?
That's something that lacks any sort of danger,
lacks any sort of danger.
Harold wants you to go on the Argo
because she doesn't want you to sit at home with your mommy
living an ion that is without danger,
living an ion that is without danger.
Now what's funny is further down the line, Allah,
despite the death, even against death,
they should go to find what?
To find a C stone
to find the best, most beautiful drug.
Wait, the most beautiful drug. Yes, the most beautiful drug.
What kind of drug? A drug.
The most beautiful drug of
virtue of ate.
You can't get that. If you're sitting at home with your mommy says
it's good stuff. You got to love it.
People don't realise this stuff is written by women, right? They're like, oh,
all the literature we have is, no, it's not. No, it's not. It's not all men,
right? There's great stuff out there, great stuff out there anyway, and yes.
Did you notice? What are they on the journey for?
They're on the journey for the pharmacon. They want that drug,
that drug that leads to virtue. So they go and kidnap Madea.
Logical, right? Right. She's the source.
Okay,
so what I want to do next is I wanted you to see that within its
context, and now I want to go to, yes,
I guess we're going to pull up Yung now let's get Yung.
Before we do,
can you just show the folks Yung and I want you
to, I just want you to thank Red book or leave her know him
and what? Shut up. Yo,
read it. Just read it before he just, okay, put the text up.
Let's just do this. Here we go. Are you guys ready?
We're going to be transformed.
Why is Philemon a magician? Oh, look,
it's got the root of Amond in it. Yeah, that's nice.
Does he conjure up
in mortality for himself? Jung is listening. Do you see what happens?
Jung is listening to you. He's watching you. I told you.
Is he conjuring up immortality a life beyond?
He was probably only a magician by profession and he now appears to be a
pension magician. Speak you old fool speak.
Who has retired from service? Not that old.
His desirous and creative drive.
Listen, do you know why I beat him now? Now you know why I beat you. I know.
Every once in a while it feels good. Yes,
his des desire and creative drive have expired and he now enjoys his well-earned
rest. Out of sheer incapacity.
Like every old man who can do nothing else than plant tulips and
water, his little garden, the mat. Okay, now here's where. Just give it to us.
Give it to us. You dirty old man. You dirty old man.
I'm going to tell him what you did to your patient. How old was she?
You creep young.
The magical rod. Now get ready for,
get ready for, this is the big stuff. Okay?
All of you, esoteric people,
anybody who's interested in the magic and the necromancy watch what's
going to happen. This is gorgeousness and Gios altogether.
Yeah, I love this.
The magical rod Wait, huh?
Lies in a cupboard together with the sixth and seventh
books of Moses. Wait,
Genesis axis, Leviticus numbers, Deuteronomy. That's five.
I thought it was called a pento. Guess what?
Your world that you thought was so normal there happened to
be other books of Moses.
They just weren't accepted in Elon.
Love it. Okay, we have the eighth. Would you like me to show you?
It survives in Greek. Who wants to read the eighth book of Moses?
You know you do. You know, you do. Yeah.
Fima has become old and somewhat fever minded. Yes. Okay,
so tell us why is the rod,
the rod is laid upon the sixth and the seventh.
Perhaps it's the eighth. You could say what kind of rod?
The serpent rod.
The serpent wand that Jung brings to you and
profane to you. Remember, he wanted this buried with him, right?
And then released at a specific time. What a,
he's weird.
Now you know why restraints are so important with Carl,
with Dr. Jung. Sorry. Don't try to get personal.
Okay, fantastic. Let's go on to the eighth book of Moses,
then eighth book of Moses,
and I'm going to read you a section of that and you are going to
perceive ionic life. Are you ready?
None of your people from Harvard are going to give this to you because they
don't use these sources.
Shame on you when you were needed. Harvard
Ivy League. Nothing about the ivy in that one. Yeah.
Yeah. Let's see. Okay, I'll read it to you. Let's see if we can find it.
Where I'm not quite sure which one. Nope, nope,
nope. Well that's okay. Take it down.
I'll read it to you. Please. Let me read it to you. It's from the PGM.
You can get it yourself. Hans Dieter bets.
Yeah, it's the edition that Dr.
John Scarborough was one of the many translators for who was the
gentleman that I worked with. Very nice,
very nice.
I call on you the creator of all
or greater than all.
Like that you the self begotten God
who see all and hear all and are not seen.
Okay? Do you have the mental image God that is telling you about
calling on that unseen one for you gave
Helios all the glory and the powery the
privilege to wax and wane and you have fixed the
courses,
yet you took nothing from the earlier born
darkness, but
assign them equality for when you appeared both order or
arose and light appeared.
I like that order and light appeared and all things were
arranged by you. Therefore,
all things are also subject to you
whose true form None of the gods can see
who take different forms in different visions.
Ion of ion. Ion of ion.
Yeah. What ground are we treading here? We're treading here the mysteries
and we're looking at the top ion images of
ion images. Where are they? Bring them up. Love it.
Love it. Just keep bringing 'em up me,
forget me and just keep whatever you can bring up of eye on. Yeah.
You'll notice the snake association.
You have the robot here for all of you cats who are interested in the
dark side of the esoteric,
you'll know the images that are there for those of you who've been somewhat
initiated. Yeah. You'll know. You'll recognise. Begin to recognise them.
Show 'em the serpent. Right?
The serpent around ion a k, a pH.
What is going on with the language? It's the same divinity,
right? phs, bring him up. Oh,
take feast your eyes on this guy, right? With the serpent around him.
He's got the wings. Oh, you got to love it.
Does anybody smell Saturn? Yes,
you should because this is Saturn hail Satan.
Judaism and Christianity are the children of
satanism. Yeah,
the children of satanism. Yeah. Yeah.
There he is for you.
There is ion and if you go into the synagogues
in Israel from
the second and first bc, the first and second on Domini,
you're going to find ion.
You're going to find ion the worship of Saturn.
Love it. Love it.
It's good stuff. It's good stuff. So
I just want to hit a couple more texts with you,
but as we wrap up then come full circle.
This ionic life is a part of the
mystery.
The initiate who enters death and
is brought back to life is born again.
Yeah.
Yeah. You're born again
and that ionic life
is the state that the
initiate enters.
It is not the word eternal and the mistake comes through
Latin.
It's the church pushing it wo and what wom means and whether
it means eternity toss and it doesn't.
The ion Saturn is
outside of Chronos.
Wait, what? Yeah. Chronos time.
The Saturn,
Satan is outside of that time.
Yeah. It is only by the castration of Anos that anything
proceeds he has set that time.
I'm first and last apocalypse.
Here we go. Are you ready? Here's the funny thing.
This phs ion is by gendered
is dual. Dual gendered. Yeah.
Yeah. Feast on that guys with your serpents on your poles,
feast on that, right? Oh, got to love it. Bring the apocalyptic chapter in here.
This is from the beginning of the apocalypse. We're going to go right there.
I'm going to bring it up on my screen here so it's easier on my old eyes.
Yes, fantastic.
In the middle of these lamps was this dude
who was very much like the son of man and he's dressed all the way down to
his feet, right?
And he's got this girdle thing That's a
bra. Yeah, he's got a bra on.
Why I told you fan was the by June one.
Nobody ever believes me in that, but look, here is Jesus, right?
We're talking about Jesus and it says in that very time of that first line,
proto Mato, right zoning in, he's got the Z.
He is got the bra and it's around his masto.
Right? It doesn't say it's around his stern, his chest.
It says it's around his breasts. It's around his breasts,
and this Z is a very important thing.
It is a ceremonial thing worn by
priestesses who are collecting the serious
exudate from their breasts for the sake of
ritual use. Yeah.
Jesus is wearing one in the apocalypse. Jesus is wearing one.
Can you believe that? Okay. Anyway,
verse 14 and his head right?
He's got white hairs on his head and they're white like a lamb and yeah,
the snow and his eyes are the flocks fire.
That eruption of fire, the flocks.
Oh, it's got so much meaning.
He's the one that you can't see but appears. Oh, this is fantastic,
and his feet are like bronze. Why does he have the bronze feet?
Because she has the bronze feet.
If I show you the vampire text that I have,
if I show you the vampire text from Mike,
who's the buddy of Vlad,
the impaler in his perfect cult Latin,
by the way, which in 1450 or whenever he wrote this,
maybe it was a little before then, but
for the time that was the most outstanding Latin and way too close to
the cult to not be right in the
big darn middle of it. But he will tell you and is him to eternity,
to he brings you the ion. Yeah. Why?
Because he's the guy who knows the purple,
right? And the use of the purple.
Remember the wings of purple right before in the oracle of Madea,
you guys have to read this stuff. You love it. Pinar pit nodes. Okay,
let's go on with the apocalypse and having in his right hand,
what did he have? He had the seven stars. Yeah.
And from his stoma toss from his mouth came What? A very sharp sword.
Yeah, very sharp. Yeah.
Des cutting Two ways that's
sometimes rendered is two edged or double-edged,
but it literally says cutting two ways
anyway and yeah, so he is got a stars and his face, his ups,
his expression, his glare with that light that comes out of your eyes,
these are all magic. This is magic physics, right? Yeah.
What is it? What is this glare? It's like the Helios. Oh, okay, wait a minute.
Now we're getting close to it. Can you smell the sorcery?
Can you smell the drugs?
Can you smell what's going on in the text?
He's got the bronze feet and all that kind of stuff.
He's got all the witchy stuff there from the PGM,
from the magical papyri.
He's got it all and he's also got the power of the son
who is the granddaughter of the son who wears the breast band
that collects the glanine. Who is she? The mewa.
The Madea. The Madea.
Or when you look in the mirror and you face eddi,
in order to be in paradise, you got to be facing the mirror.
You got to be facing a dem.
Oh yeah. You begin to see it. Can you taste it?
Yeah. So yeah, he was dead and alive.
He came back right and put his right hand on him saying Don't be
afraid.
Now look at how Jesus identifies himself here at verse 18,
17.5 Ego, Amy, I am.
I'm the first and the boom accomplishment.
Finish the finishing. Love it.
Es eschatology
and the living. He is the living.
He's not offering you the zoe,
it's the ionian zoe. He's offering you
and the living and I became dead.
Necro and behold am alive.
How do you translate that? It's in the plural.
It says into the ions of ions.
There has never yet been written a good English
translation of that expression, and if I were to walk into your pastor's office,
if I kicked down his door and walked in and threw my Greek text in front of him
and said, listen,
you little braggart tell me what does this expression mean?
He wouldn't be able to. He wouldn't be able to.
No, no, yet why? Because they don't read.
They just pretend to anybody who tells you they do Greek. Yeah.
Okay.
It's rich. It's deep. It's deep.
You say it with reverence and fear.
A classical philologist says that with reverence and fear because they've seen
the great,
wonderful depths of Greek and they've swam.
They know.
They know and respect its beauty and anybody who tells you they
know it probably doesn't. They just have had a couple of semesters.
I left Dallas Theological Seminary. I went to the president and I was like,
look, I just started my THM programme and I have a bachelor's in classics with a
double major in Greek and Latin,
so your programme is weak. And he was like,
yeah, bra. He didn't say bra or he may have said brother,
but he was like, yeah, bro, it is. He confessed.
It was weak. It wasn't what it used to be.
I had looked at some scholars who'd come there when they were all reading
Louis S. Barry Schaefer,
and so I knew and it was just weak.
Seminaries are weak. They are weak.
I went into a seminary and within a very short period of time, two years,
within a very short period of time, I had people saying,
what are these students doing? Their Greek is suddenly fantastic.
They don't even have to know that anymore.
He should just been teaching 'em Latin. What's in the popes
decrees anyway?
Yeah. Look, he's into the ions of ions.
That's a prepositional phrase there into the ions of ions.
Yeah. What does it mean?
I'm engaging.
I am that ions of ions
now,
for God so loved the world that he gave his only
begotten son,
that whosoever believeth going to love the King James
on him should not perish, but have
ion. Interesting.
Yeah.
You have just uncovered a new reality.
There is no eternal life that is such an
absurdity. It's a self contradicting statement
because the ion is by definition,
especially if you're Pythagorean and you connection to 10, the deck A,
does anybody know the deck? A no. Nobody knows the deck ad.
Don't eat the kabbala on the way there. Right? Kabbala is later.
It's mediaeval, it's off. Anyway,
here we have the fruit and we're looking at it Here we have the ion.
The ion is outside. It's outside of the time,
so a definition of eternal for it is sad,
is sad, and I can talk about other Greek words used for eternal.
I can talk about simple adverb and its roots and the relation to the verb
io,
meaning to comprehend or to perceive an
aase being Hades,
who is the one who was invisible?
The perception of the invisibility, the funness,
the Saturn, you big. Does everybody see it?
We're right back to Saturn. The verbs take us there.
The language. The language absorbed. All this stuff, it's like a fingerprint.
The Jews and the Christians worship a
satanic divinity. That's a.
Profound moment.
Christians worship.
A Satanic divinity.
That's so lovely. Thank you for coming tonight. We had a couple of questions,
but I've had so much fun and that's a lot to
absorb and I think what we're going to do this time is just say,
Hey, all of you who are writing in with great questions,
I'm trying to get to them all. It
may take me some time,
and for those of you who have sent me email requests
for communications or zooming,
I appreciate it and I will get to all of those
if I have time. I'm trying trying.
I love your comments and questions and I will return you a
response within a couple of days. I'll get on
find time to get on and take you guys extremely serious.
I appreciate everything and I want you to
have a great week. I'll see you at Satanic initiation. Hail Satan.